Revamp locale codes (#698)
movie-web/movie-web: src/assets/README.md

# About the languages

Locales are difficult, here is some guidance.

## Process on adding new languages
1. Use weblate to add translations, see contributing guidelines.

> 2. Add your language to `@/assets/languages.ts`. Must be iso format. For joke languages, use any format.
> 3. If you language doesn't have a region specified. Add a default region in `@/utils/language.ts` at `defaultLanguageCodes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add your language to `@/assets/languages.ts`. Must be in ISO format (ISO-639 for language and ISO-3166 for country/region). For joke languages, use any format.
3. If your language doesn't have a region specified (Such as in `pt-BR`, `BR` being the region). Add a default region in `@/utils/language.ts` at `defaultLanguageCodes`
```
